today thanks to the efforts of
organizations like the Nature
Conservancy the number of Florida
Panthers that roam the South Florida
landscape is growing about 160 Panthers
are thought to exist today up from only
30 in 1995 will this momentum continue
can these iconic animals in our
communities thrive together yes but we
all must play a role in realizing this
vision the tiny piece of our planet
Florida Panthers call home is simply too
small cities and other barriers make it
almost impossible for Panthers to roam
and grow the Panther has been tenacious
and while their populations leveled
levels have dropped over time we've seen
them rebound with science and
conservation coming together but they're
now at a critical point they've reached
carrying capacity that's the amount of
population they can have in the area
they currently live in 2012 the Nature
Conservancy purchased the narrow passage
where Panthers are crossing the
Caloosahatchee River protecting this
passage gives Panthers access to healthy
habitat to grow and raise their young
but that habitat could go away if we
don't act now they need more land
and the great thing is that lay is
available this area of Florida matters
to all of us these natural and
agricultural areas clean our water and
air and the recreation and economic
opportunities they present our primary
reasons why so many people live in and
visit our great state we have the chance
to secure a healthy future for the land
for us for the panther what if we miss
this opportunity you can be a part of
making sure the number of Panthers in
the wild can head in the right direction
meaning that this area continues to
support not only their growth but ours
too today 160 tomorrow